Added Test cases (#70)
mattermost/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/channels/add-user-from-popover/MM-Test-Case-1.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up

> name: "Profile Popover UI"

Reviewer: Test case saved as MM-T5384

status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: Add user from popover
authors: "furqanmlk"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location:  Add user to channel from popover
component: null
tags: []
labels: []

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: [] 

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

1. login as **sysadmin**

> 2. Create **userA** and DM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create **User A** and DM
```

> 3. Click **userA** name to launch the profile popover

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **User A** name to launch the profile popover
```
